you
we launched the Colorado this month in
Thailand which is the world's largest
market for midsize pickups following
Thailand will launch it in markets
around the world and I'm pleased today
to confirm that one of those markets
will be the United States will announce
other markets in the coming months
the all-new Colorado is the first global
pickup from Chevrolet and it's built on
the brand strong truck DNA an
award-winning heritage it's based on our
all-new midsize truck architecture that
was developed in GM Brazil with the help
of GM's global product development
organization Engineers will further work
to customize and localize the truck for
the markets that will be sold in around
the world
wherever it's sold the Colorado design
will convey strength through the body
work that appears tightly wrapped over
its chassis in the front Chevrolet's
gold bow tie and dual-port grille are
flanked by large headlamps that flow
into the front fenders